(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
Bum Joon, I'll be a good boy.
Please take me with you to aunt's place.
Go.
I'm not your brother anymore.
Hello.
Ms. Lee Mi Ran.
(Our Memories)
(2015 Haedong Family Day)
How may I help you?
Oh, may I ask you a question?
I was going to meet my brother here,
but I can't reach him.
He's a guy in his mid-20s, rather thin.
Oh, him.
He came by, then left.
You should give him another call.
Excuse me.
Could you tell me...
when this picture was taken?
July 16, 2015.
Your brother asked me the same question.
Are you two looking for the same person?
Like I told him,
she never came by after the year 2015.
Oh, you mean...
this lady?
Oh, that's not her.
Your brother was looking for the woman next to her.
This person?
Yes, her.
She never came by.
Why is he looking for someone who's dead?
Could you give me a moment?
Sorry to wake you while you're still jet lagged.
I left my watch to get it fixed,
but I forgot to pick it up.
Is that your girlfriend?
No, she's someone I grew up with.
I thought you grew up at aunt's.
Well, what happened is...
I thought you were late.
Go.
Hey, Min Joon.
Aren't you going to say goodbye to your brother?
Have a good trip or whatever.
Aren't you going to call me your brother?
We're now even living together here.
I don't have a brother.
I don't have anyone like that.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I don't want to hear that.
Next time, call me your brother,
okay?
("Insurance Planner Commits Suicide")
(Episode 4)
(Born in 1981)
(Born in 1983)
(Born in 1984)
(Haedong Orphanage)
July 16, 2015.
Honey.
Dad.
("Flight JH801 Crash Is Assistant Pilot's Fault")
("Investigating Cause For Flight 801 Crash")
(Taeyang Life Insurance)
(Effective from July 16, 2015)
July 16, 2015.
(Insured: Lee Soo Oh)
Lee Soo Oh and Kim Bum Joon.
They got their insurance on the same date.
Was Lee Soo Oh's planner Lee Mi Ran too?
(Lee Mi Ran)
Lee Mi Ran is amazing.
Where is Kim Min Joon now?
Hanju Hospital.
Kang Eun Joo is admitted in that hospital.
That punk, I told him not to do anything.
Eun Joo.
Please wake up soon.
You have to raise the baby.
You promised to help me...
if I helped you.
What's your relationship with the patient?
Visitors other than family aren't allowed.
I'm family. I'm her brother.
She doesn't have family.
You're right. I lied.
Leave. Right now.
By the way,
how do you know...
that she doesn't have family?
Did you hear it from Park Soon Jung?
I guess he gives you patient information...
since you exchange charts illegally.
Nurse Oh Seo Ra.
Why aren't there any surveillance cameras?
My goodness.
Hi, ma'am.
Pardon? That punk did?
No, that will never happen.
I'll protect you.
Ma'am!
Kim Min Joon that punk threatened Nurse Oh.
Park Soon Jung, stop.
Ms. Jang.
That jerk threatened Nurse Oh.
I can't stand...
anyone who harms my people.
Going after him won't solve the problem.
What should I do then?
Let's solve this case...
and get rid of him.
Darn it.
Where's the surveillance camera?
Cheetah.
It's over there.
Will it make the angle?
I don't think it will.
Who's that?
Hey!
Are you the owner?
Park it elsewhere!
I should move to a different place.
There's a problem every day.
You have no parking space.
It looks like there are a lot of tenants.
How can you park your car...
without leaving your number then?
I'm sorry.
You have a really nice car.
Your dash cam is brand new too.
That jerk.
Did he just take the laptop and leave...
without helping Kang Eun Joo?
That scumbag.
Who is that?
- Bye, Daddy. - Han Seong Jin.
Married for six years.
Has a four-year-old daughter.
He's a pharmaceutical researcher.
I guess they only hire the pretty ones.
How much should I buy for a date?
Get lost, mister.
There's always a way for Cheetah to get in.
I'm growling.
It's so dirty.
- It's really bad. - I can...
make it all clean.
I think that man is pretty cool.
Han Sung Ho? Han Sang...
You mean Professor Han Seong Jin.
He has a good reputation.
They say he's gentle, quiet, and polite.
His research hadn't been...
showing results for a few years.
But that changed all of a sudden.
The rumor of him doing...
some amazing research started...
Right after Lee Soo Oh died.
Bingo.
But recently, for over a month,
he's been cranky.
He's been hysterical about bathrooms...
not being clean.
He needed Lee Soo Oh's laptop.
If we prove that Han Seong Jin's research...
and documents in Lee Soo Oh's laptop...
are the same,
the police will start investigating again.
We need to find the laptop then.
Where could it be?
It'll be there.
A place with...
high security.
Shall we pull "Mission Impossible"?
There are a ton of surveillance cameras.
Up, down, sideways. They're all difficult.
It's impossible to penetrate.
Kim Min Joon.
You speak German, right?
Since I'm German, I do.
Okay. Come down here.
Why?
You told me not to do anything.
But I want you to come down...
and speak some German.
Get here quickly.
Will you use Kim Min Joon as a player?
What?
Kang Woo. I don't trust him.
How can I work with someone I don't trust?
Soon Jung.
There's a mosquito in a room.
You hear it buzzing,
but you can't see it.
How would you catch it?
You should lock the door...
and wait patiently.
That's right.
Will you lock him in there?
Watch closely.
- Okay? - Where's "there"?
There.
(Samhu Pharmaceutical)
Samhu Pharmaceutical has...
a short-term guest researcher program.
I'll turn you into Dr. Jonas Kim,
a German researcher from German company.
Why doesn't Cheetah do this?
Gosh.
Goodness.
Should I go?
- I don't think so. - Why not?
You stand out too much.
No, I'm very plain.
Jang Ha Ri.
Are you flirting with me?
You crazy...
Sit down.
Goodness.
Gosh.
Proceed, Dr. Kim.
It's itchy.
Do you always wear that when you're scamming?
People put their guards guards down...
when I look naive.
A few of you were fooled too.
1, 2, 3.
Pentium.
Let's run a passport business together.
10 to 0.
- Who gets 10? - Me.
Why would I do it then?
It means he won't work with you.
Dr. Kim, you're not that bright.
Didn't you know that?
Be careful, Dr. Kim.
Sorry.
You're amazing at cleaning.
Of course, I am.
The cafeteria is that way.
There he comes.
Your room is this way.
Start moving.
Close your eyes.
Here I go.
Ha Ri.
Will you be okay to share a room with him?
I'm not sure if he'll be all right.
Focus, guys.
Goodness, you're all busy.
All right, guys. Say hello to each other.
He's the new researcher of our lab.
He's Doctor Jonas Kim from Germany.
How does he look?
He looks fine.
Will you be all right alone?
I'm not alone.
I have you guys.
About the Lee Soo Oh case...
How do you think it's related to Lee Mi Ran?
I need to find out.
Don't lose him.
Keep a close eye on him.
Okay, don't worry.
It's going great.
He's Doctor Jonas Kim who came from...
Higel Medical Laboratory in Germany.
This is Doctor Han Seong Jin.
Hello, I'm Jonas Kim.
Jonas Kim.
My name is Han Seong Jin.
Have we ever met before?
I hear that often.
Maybe it's because I have friendly looks.
What on earth are they talking about?
They must be bragging about themselves.
Those punks.
Same here.
Can you speak in Korean?
Korean...
I can speak Korean very well.
You're fluent in German.
I went there to study when I was little.
I see.
Let's have a team dinner soon.
Sure.
- Nice to meet you. - Me too.
I'll show you your desk.
Okay.
You can use this desk.
(Taeyang Insurance protects your family.)
Gosh, what do they want me to do...
with this petty information?
Nothing's in there.
You don't have to bother.
That's exactly how I feel.
I mean, you're the great Chairman Cha,
and you're being sensitive for something small.
What's making you so scared?
Do I look...
like I'm scared to you?
No?
Your dad once said this.
His only son is...
the dumbest person...
in the JH family.
Don't try to use your brain.
Don't try to think.
Don't try to judge.
Just do as you're told.
Okay.
Well, Chairman Cha of Taeyang Insurance.
My dad's place will be mine soon.
I'm soon-to-be the chairman of JH Group.
Not yet.
You may not be the chairman forever.
Okay, I give up.
He keeps even the dead person alive.
It was too thoughtless of me.
Get out.
I don't have meals with someone...
who's ungrateful to their parents.
You look nice!
Do you two date each other?
Let's continue.
Hey, Hong Joo!
Stop playing and come out.
Get in.
You'll get in anyway, so let's make it short.
I'm in a terrible mood because of your dad.
- Just go. - I'd like to...
irritate your dad very much.
My mouth is becoming so light.
It's driving me crazy.
What do you want?
Let's have a drink together.
You're sickening.
That's my charm, Hong Joo.
Keep yourself in control.
Stop having fun with those trainers, Hong Joo.
What are you talking about?
I'm not like you.
I quit playing around with girls.
- I'm busy working. - I see.
You never believe in what I say.
I don't lie to you.
I tell you everything.
Please don't.
That's not how things should be between us.
There's nothing...
between us.
There isn't?
(Kang Eun Joo)
You wanted to have a drink.
Sit.
You have soju, right?
- Yes. - That and dakbal, please.
Okay.
Hey, Hong Joo.
How can you have...
chicken's feet as a human?
You should have a heart at least.
Give us cow heart please.
Okay.
I didn't know you liked this stuff.
You should've told me earlier.
I can open 100 franchise restaurants...
that sell these kinds of food.
Stop bluffing.
Drink it.
Hyun Ki.
Do you like me?
I don't.
Right?
I thought so.
And why do you act like it?
You know,
my life is full of pretending.
My life's the same.
I know. That's why I like...
I mean, pretend to like you.
Stop with your pretending.
It's not fun at all.
It's fun for me.
Gosh.
I'm okay.
I'll help you.
No, it's all right.
Hong Joo.
Let's go for another round.
Take him home safely.
I'll take you to your house too.
If he finds out that I didn't...
I'll say you did.
You must be tired. Go straight home after.
Goodbye.
Why does he have Juhan Air's pen?
(Juhan Air)
(Unsaved number, call)
(Seoul Prosecution, CEO Jeong Seok...)
If you do that,
it'll take money...
and a bit more time.
Should I use the internal fund...
to find some more shares?
If they end up noticing it,
the whole thing will be over.
How much more do we need?
About 10 million dollars.
Okay. I will deposit it tomorrow.
Yes, sir.
I'll get going then.
Why does the legal manager of Juhan Air...
keep coming here?
He's very much interested in plants.
You're probably giving them what they want...
and asking Joo Hyun Ki...
to do what you want them to do.
What is this?
A file that you gave to Hyun Ki.
Who else other than you...
would give him a file like this?
Wasn't it you who handed this over?
The only one who would...
disclose our confidential information...
and give to others is you.
He's not just anyone.
It's Kang Woo.
Hong Joo.
Do you know what tree this is?
This is called a redbud tree.
It's a tree you see everywhere...
if you go out to the suburbs.
This tree has...
another name.
It's called a Judas tree.
You know, the same Judas who betrayed Jesus.
It's apparently the tree which he hung himself,
so it's also called a Judas tree.
(Taeyang Insurance contract, Kang Eun Joo)
Take a closer look...
and see what you have handed over to him.
(Executive Director Cha Hong Joo)
(Look up accidents)
November 30, 2015?
(This is confidential. Please enter a password.)
(Insurance Agreement)
(Lee Mi Ran)
Doesn't your back hurt?
Should I take the turn?
Mind your business.
Why?
We're a team.
We should help each other.
How are we in the same team?
I don't consider a con man like you...
as a human because you use people.
Why?
Did a con man scam you big time?
Oh, it must've been a guy.
Goodness, how much did he take from you?
What?
I was just guessing, but it must be true.
Be careful of men.
You're having a lot of fun, aren't you?
I'm having lots of fun too.
- Really? - Yes, wait and see.
I'll find out everything there is...
to know about you to show your true colors.
Let's do that.
- What? - Do that for me.
I look forward to it.
The tension between you two was...
A romance? Suspense? Or a thriller?
Sound out.
Player Jang, don't put out the sound.
Gosh, where is my privacy?
She's going through my box.
Why does he have Juhan Air's pen?
Seeing that won't ruin him.
Your manager isn't someone like that.
(Will you delete the recorded data?)
(Deleting)
Area code 043.
It's a public phone in North Chungcheong.
She's got a lot of calls from public phones.
It's a type of keto acid.
When this meets with fat,
it doesn't get absorbed into your body,
but it goes right out.
How effective is this?
It's five times faster...
than the existing pills.
But we haven't done any clinical tests.
That's disappointing.
I would've volunteered.
Me too.
You two are very slim as it is. Why?
I've gained 10kg more than usual.
Don't lose any weight.
You three are all very beautiful as you are.
It looks like Doctor Han is a bit late to work.
He says he can focus well when he's alone at night,
so he's been coming in at 4pm.
I've met her once.
But I've never met any of the others...
Where have I seen him?
Where?
No, never mind.
If you ever see them, please do let me know.
I'm sure they will come.
Why would they find me?
That's what they do.
They get suspicious of anyone with no grounds,
and disregard everything including the law...
to go ahead with their plans.
I see.
If you ever see anyone out of the ordinary,
or if any strange situations occur,
please give me a call.
Taeyang's Dog met up with the doctor.
Park Moo Shin is meeting with Han Seong Jin.
How did he find out?
This dog, and that dog,
they're all problematic.
It looks like the doctor found out something.
I agree with you 100 percent.
We'll bring out the laptop tomorrow.
Researchers usually come to work at 8am,
then leave at 6pm.
But Han Seong Jin comes to work at 4pm,
and leaves at 8am the next day.
There are people in here...
24 hours a day. How can I do that?
We can empty out the place.
Tell me how.
Can you take a look around,
Doctor Kim?
What's the scariest thing to happen in a lab?
Virus?
Soon Jung, can you ask Professor Byeon...
for a rat on your way here?
Okay.
You must bring Laura back.
Goodbye.
Sir. What does he do?
AFAS.
What does AFAS do?
They raise the oldest mice.
Why do they do that?
Their genome is...
99 percent identical to that of human's.
They're perfect for researching...
aging or degenerative disease.
Unbelievable.
Each one...
costs over 1,000 dollars.
Goodness.
I'm serious.
Tonight's the last night.
Do you want to come up?
What are you thinking?
I'm offering to sleep on the floor.
What are you doing?
You've been sleeping down here for days.
I'll take the floor.
Women shouldn't sleep on the floor.
I'm not a woman.
So don't mind me.
Hey, I told you...
you aren't even a...
Cars that are about to be scrapped.
Train stations.
Public bathrooms.
As long as the floor isn't wet, I'm good.
Compared to them, this place is a hotel.
I'm really okay. You take the bed.
I don't need to hear your sad story.
Be quiet and go to sleep.
You believed me a bit, didn't you?
You did.
You felt sorry for me.
I saw your eyes shaking.
That was fun.
Hey!
I see you have a soft spot for a story like this.
Good night.
[VIU Ver] E04 Mad Dog "Chasing After a Dead Person"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mr. Ahn, please move the car.
What happened to your face?
He lost a very important document.
So I asked him.
"Do you want to go to jail..."
"or get beaten up?"
He chose the beating.
So did you hit him?
I asked him to choose.
He chose that himself.
I'm here to ask you too.
Hong Joo, did you take what's mine?
- No, right? - Yes.
I took it because it was my company's document.
I'm happy you don't lie.
Never do that again. That was...
in my car.
So that was mine, Hong Joo.
Why did you have...
my company's case file?
Don't ask.
I don't want to lie.
Let's go.
Is Mr. Choi here?
Yes.
How have you been?
She's pretty. Is she pretty in person?
She's super pretty.
I want to have tea with her too.
Should we go out there?
Who is this? Gosh.
- Yes, sir. - Turn the monitor off.
Okay.
What is it?
- Turn it off. - Okay.
Is everything being recorded?
It's okay now. You can talk.
I'm just wondering...
how that case is going.
It's going well.
What?
Are you keeping it a secret?
What's going on?
You look frozen.
What's wrong?
Nothing's wrong.
I'm just worried about you.
Why?
I don't know. I'm just worried.
What is it?
About that case...
You found out that Lee Mi Ran was the planner.
It's okay.
It's nothing.
How can it be nothing?
Are you starting over?
Are you going back to two years ago?
Hong Joo.
I realized it this time.
I've never...
been over it.
Every day has been the same.
What do you mean?
Cha Hong Joo.
You should live your life.
Go.
You should stop it...
and live your life.
Hong Joo.
I have no such thing.
Go home.
Did you hear us talking?
Aren't you sleeping?
I told you to turn off the monitor.
We did.
You didn't tell us to turn off the sound though.
Go to sleep.
We have a lot to do tomorrow.
- Okay. - Okay.
It's all set up.
Is he off work yet?
He's getting off work late today.
Is he inside?
I can't check it from here.
Dr. Kim. Use your brain.
I'm sorry.
Are you happy?
Good job.
He's leaving the office.
Players, get ready.
- Okay. - Okay.
Doctor. Stop using so much tissues.
Goodness.
It's very gentle.
Don't frighten it.
- A rat! - What?
There's a rat! Catch it!
Goodness.
Oh, my gosh. Seoul virus!
There's virus in a holy, special place like this.
Virus!
Let's get out!
- Hurry. - Let's go.
Quickly.
Laura.
Player Jang is going up.
Player Jang is going in.
Player Jang is in.
I'm hacking into Han Seong Jin's computer.
Let's do it.
- A rat? - Yes.
I don't think the virus will spread to your lab.
Still, I thought I should let you know.
That's what they do.
They get suspicious of anyone with no grounds,
and disregard everything including the law...
to go ahead with their plans.
If you ever see anyone out of the ordinary,
or if any strange situations occur,
please give me a call.
(28 percent through the copying process)
(Recessive inheritance)
(Through the optic nerve)
(Scotoma)
(Haemyung Children's Piano Competition)
("Clinical Pathology")
Show me the hard disk drive.
It must be from Lee Soo Oh's laptop.
It's still not done yet?
It's 47 percent done.
How much longer will it take?
About five minutes.
We need that file, right?
We must prove Han Seong Jin's files...
and Lee Soo Oh's files...
are the same to issue a warrant.
Goodness.
What's the matter?
Look.
Han Seong Jin's there.
Everyone, get out of there.
I haven't caught Laura yet though.
We can't issue a warrant without these files.
Everyone, out!
Get out.
Gosh.
Mad Dog won't work without me.
I'll take care of it.
How will you take care of it?
Wait and see. You'll be surprised.
Okay, we will be.
Go ahead and try.
- Mr. Choi. - It's okay.
Doctor Han.
Who's Lee Soo Oh?
Who?
Do you know a person named Lee Soo Oh?
How do you know the name?
Was it Mad Dog?
What was the name? Gosh, hold on.
Oh, here. "Jang Ha Ri".
That little...
(Mad Dog)
Do you know her?
What about her?
I met her in the lab,
and she asked me something.
But I don't know a thing.
I heard someone died.
He was your friend?
He wasn't my friend.
He was my junior in college.
I see. He wasn't your friend.
I'm sorry for the trouble I caused unintentionally.
I'm sorry about that.
We still need a minute.
Hold him for two more minutes.
Two more minutes?
Doctor Han.
Someone else asked me about you too.
Who is it this time?
Was it Park Moo Shin?
He said he was a claims examiner...
of Taeyang Insurance or something.
My, my.
Oh, I met this person before too.
He asked me...
what you were researching on.
Is it Lafora?
How do you know that?
Ms. Jang told me...
that Lee Soo Oh...
was studying on Lafora.
So I guessed it.
Dr. Jonas Kim.
It's complete.
I'm going out now.
Here.
Laura, let's go.
Cheetah and Laura are going out.
Who...
are you?
I'm Doctor Jonas Kim.
It's all done.
Dr. Jonas Kim.
Watch your mouth.
Everyone's out. Good job.
Doctor Kim.
Good job.
No problem.
I found it!
The left one is from Lee Soo Oh's file,
and the right is from Han Seong Jin's.
They're exactly the same.
Shall I call Detective Jo?
Isn't there anything else in his computer?
I've found another locked file here.
What?
- It's a virus. - What?
Turn the power off!
Turn everything off.
Turn it off.
It won't work.
Goodness.
Han Seong Jin,
that psychopath!
What if something goes wrong with my internet?
Your internet is fine.
The computers are in trouble.
Goodness.
You want mine?
No, thanks.
I won't make my hands dirty.
Min Joon.
Did you have dinner?
Will you feed me?
Mr. Choi.
Good job today.
You too, Mr. Choi.
Good job locking me up and running around.
So have you found anything?
Why are you looking for someone who's dead?
Something like this?
You've caught up a lot.
Good job.
Why are you looking for Lee Mi Ran?
Mr. Choi, let me give you a piece of warning.
Change your way of thinking.
You might have to...
look for "something"...
instead of "the reason".
Something instead of the reason?
Something very odd.
Something so strange...
that you can't understand.
What nonsense is he talking about?
I can't take this any longer.
Yes!
I unlocked the file...
in which Seong Jin implanted so many viruses.
- What is that? - The amount of sunshine.
It's a year long record of the amount of sunshine.
The amount of sunshine per day?
Why would he?
Hold on.
It was a really hot day.
We had the air conditioner on and windows closed,
then I heard the explosion.
How old is Han Seong Jin's daughter?
She's four years old.
Children's Piano Competition...
Whose was that award?
(Haemyung Children's Piano Competition)
Let's see.
This is how the fire was caught.
There's the huge award.
It's like you burn a paper with a magnifying glass.
The magnifying glass...
was the one thing we couldn't think of.
See? Means are more important than the motive.
"What" is more important than "why", right?
So is it "what"?
Should we be looking for that "what"?
Do you want to bet...
who'll find that first?
Should we?
(List of compensations)
I'll delete all of Han Seong Jin's files.
A researcher who tried to leak a research result...
of a rare genetic disease to overseas was arrested.
He even killed his junior to take the honor himself.
Why didn't he throw away the plaque?
He used the sunlight and stainless steel wall.
He must've wanted...
to commemorate his murder.
What?
(The suspect, Han)
Why did you call me?
Have you ever met...
anyone named Jonas Kim?
Who?
Check your e-mail.
(You have one new e-mail.)
(There is a stranger here.)
I think I've seen him somewhere.
I'm glad you're awake.
Min Joon...
You were right.
He didn't kill himself.
Han Seong Jin...
is caught.
Eun Joo.
I helped you out,
so as you promised, help me out.
I am...
Kim Bum Joon's brother,
Kim Min Joon.
The planner who gave 3.4 million dollars,
Lee Mi Ran.
Is she really dead?
Not "what", but "why".
Something so strange...
that I can't understand.
Goodness, kid.
Yes, we did send this by parcel service.
Do you remember who bought this?
Of course.
We don't usually sell such expensive products.
Was it her?
Yes, you're right.
Are you sure?
She's alive.
She was alive.
Goodness, Cha Joon Kyu, that old man...
isn't quite old yet.
He has a really great sixth sense.
(Taeyang Insurance Chairman Cha Joon Kyu)
As you can see, we'll develop...
a program just for our VIPs...
to increase our sales...
and to let them return for more business...
She was alive.
Kim Bum Joon.
(Death by Juhan Air's Flight 801 accident)
(Recipient, Kim Min Joon)
(Signed by Kim Min Joon)
I'm Manager Park Moo Shin, a claims examiner.
I do not know anything.
I do not know...
anything.
Kim Bum Joon's brother,
Jan Gebauer?
Where is she?
Where is she right now?
Han Mi Sook.
Choi Ju Won.
Are you happy that you're alive,
Ms. Lee Mi Ran?
(Mad Dog)
Kim Bum Joon's brother is onto this?
Are you all insane?
Lee Mi Ran.
Do you want to bet who finds her first?
When one is thrown off,
they tend to make a mistake.
Did you say this was...
where the last signal Min Joon's phone gave off?
He had nowhere to escape.
He had a place to return to.
Why did you want to live that badly?
Why didn't you kill yourself?
He wasn't watching.
He was being watched.
Isn't Doctor Kim in danger right now?
It's Ko Jin Chul.
Kim Min Joon!